He's already gift wrapped and handed his supporters on a silver platter a great reason to regret voting for him. And I'm not even talking about letting Paul Ryan run with his cutting Obamacare or Medicare - Donnie's taking the unpresidented (sp?) step to become the common enemy we all need to remember come the next four years and the next election.
Not to mention, in light of continuing his tradition of insulting his enemies, his surrogates are running around giving weak ass opinions about what Obama's doing with Russia. They're making excuses like what they did with the debates and if Conway really thinks that what Obama did had political motivations and if Guliani thinks this is a way to box in Trump, topped with the idea that this is an effort to de-legitimize Trump's presidency, we should all congratulate those two for doing just that whenever they sit in front of a camera.
The election is over and they're still campaigning for him even though he's shitting all over the spin they're doing on TV with his "computers" "nukes" and Putin pick up lines. He's figuratively letting shit hit the fan right now. The tweets aren't helping and god I hope they take away his Twitter once he's sworn in. If you look at how he's opening doubting or brushing off the intelligence communities, it's getting to be very similar to what he did with the media. Do they have something on him that is just as damning as Russian hacks?
The tweet is idiotic, but what's frustrating is that he brushes this things off in spite of being uninformed. Yea, maybe he heard about these during his five intelligence briefings so far, but having known before and after the election, he's telling everyone to move on instead of deep drilling or giving a good fact-based reason as why the Russians aren't involved. Folks are talking about cyber warfare but what if there had been a physical attack? Is he going to accuse ISIL even if there are evidence that it was done by Russia? I hope it never comes to that.
America, the land? Yes. America, the people? No. Trump needs to be reminded 24/7 that he entered office without the support of those who voted. That the preferred candidate was to the left of him. The 75 million people that voted against him need to make themselves seen and heard.
The right is always fantasizing about being the silent majority. Let's make it clear that they're not. Let's not let the progressives, liberals and those on the right not conned by Donnie "tiny hands" Trump be the silenced majority. Everyone needs to stand up and mitigate the damage Donald's band of thieves will work hard to do.
Everyone sane needs to come together and say "No. Not one inch, not one centimeter, not a nanometer!" We already have torture sites, abuses of our constitutional rights by law enforcement (civil forfeiture is legalized theft), the racist war on drugs that's made no progress over three decades, attacks on workers rights, attacks on health care and women's autonomy that undoubtedly cost lives (maternity death rate in Texas is 30 per 100,000 live births, California's is 8)... We can't afford to let them make things worse.